ASSALAM O ALAIKUM!
Attention Required
Saylani Web and Mobile Development course - Batch3! 
Assignment 16- Week16
Submit: https://forms.gle/QaEoFphTuvAwKD6X6
Please solve the following problem, please don't copy and paste any solution! 
1- Write a js program to check whether a character is uppercase or lowercase alphabet.
2- Write a js program to input Week number and print week day.
3- Write a js program to input month number and print number of days in that month.
4- Write a js program to count total number of notes in given amount.
5- Write a js program to input angles of a triangle and check whether triangle is valid or not.
6-. Write a js program to input all sides of a triangle and check whether triangle is valid or not.
7- Write a js program to check whether the triangle is equilateral, isosceles or scalene triangle.
8- Write a js program to find all roots of a quadratic equation.
9- Write a js program to calculate profit or loss.
10- Write a js program to search all occurrences of a character in given string.
11- Write a js program to count occurrences of a character in given string.
12- Write a js program to find highest frequency character in a string.
13- Write a js program to find lowest frequency character in a string.
14- Write a js program to count frequency of each character in a string.
15- Write a js program to remove first occurrence of a character from string.
16- Write a js program to remove last occurrence of a character from string.
17- Write a js program to remove all occurrences of a character from string.
18- Write a js program to remove all repeated characters from a given string.
19- Write a js program to replace first occurrence of a character with another in a string.
20- Write a js program to replace last occurrence of a character with another in a string.
21- Write a js program to replace all occurrences of a character with another in a string.
22- Write a js program to find first occurrence of a word in a given string.
23- Write a js program to find last occurrence of a word in a given string.
24- Write a js program to search all occurrences of a word in given string.
25- Write a js program to count occurrences of a word in a given string.
26- Write a js program to remove first occurrence of a word from string.
27- Write a js program to remove last occurrence of a word in given string.
28- Write a js program to remove all occurrence of a word in given string.
29- Write a js program to trim leading white space characters from given string.
30- Write a js program to trim trailing white space characters from given string.
31- Write a js program to trim both leading and trailing white space characters from given string.
32- Write a js program to remove all extra blank spaces from given string.
33- Write a js program to count frequency of each element in an array
34- Write a js program to print all unique elements in the array.
35- Write a js program to count total number of duplicate elements in an array.
36- Write a js program to delete all duplicate elements from an array.
37- Write a js program to merge two array to third array.
38- Write a js program to find reverse of an array.
39- Write a js program to put even and odd elements of array in two separate array.
40- Write a js program to search an element in an array.
41- Write a js program to sort array elements in ascending or descending order.
42- Write a js program to sort even and odd elements of array separately.
43- Write a js program to left rotate an array.
44- Write a js program to right rotate an array.
43- Write a js program to find sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n.
44- Write a js program to find sum of all even numbers between 1 to n.
45- Write a js program to find sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n.
46- Write a js program to print multiplication table of any number.
47- Write a js program to count number of digits in a number.
48- Write a js program to find first and last digit of a number.
49- Write a js program to find sum of first and last digit of a number.
50. Write a js program to swap first and last digits of a number.
51. Write a js program to calculate sum of digits of a number.
52. Write a js program to calculate product of digits of a number.
Happy Coding!
Naveed



